feature: Update tta and ttr descriptions (#51)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/metrics/lead-time-reviews.md

The time it takes to have approves. Once a pull request is opened, how long does it take to have an approve and how long does it take to the last approve?

This metric is calculated as the time between the pull request being created and the first and last approves being submitted.

> Approves happening after the merge are disregarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Approves that occurred after the merge are disregarded.
```

### Time to first/last review

The time it takes to have reviews. Once a pull request is opened, how long does it take to have a review and how long does it take to the last review?

This metric is calculated as the time between the pull request being created and the first and last reviews being submitted.

> Reviews happening after the merge are disregarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reviews that occurred after the merge are disregarded.
```

> This metric is calculated as the time between the pull request being created and the first and last reviews being submitted.
> Reviews happening after the merge are disregarded.

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion as above.

```suggestion
This metric is calculated as the time between the pull request being created and the first and last reviews being submitted before the merge of the pull request.
```
